h1. Restful Routing for ASP .NET MVC

Inspired by the "rails routing api":http://guides.rubyonrails.org/routing.html.

Available via "NuGet":http://nuget.org/List/Packages/RestfulRouting.

<pre><code> PM> Install-Package RestfulRouting </code></pre>

Checkout out the new documentation site included in this project, which can be found hosted at "restfulrouting.com":http://www.restfulrouting.com. If you find any improvements that need to be made, please feel free to contact us or send a pull request.

Basic usage:

<pre><code>public class Routes : RouteSet
{
	public override void Map(Mapper map)
	{
		map.Root<HomeController>(x => x.Show());
		map.Path("test/{id}").To<TestController>(x => x.Test()).Constrain("id", @"\d+");
		map.Resource<SessionsController>();
		map.Resources<BlogsController>(blogs =>
		{
			blogs.As("weblogs");
			blogs.Only("index", "show");
			blogs.Collection(x => {
				x.Get("latest");
				x.Post("someaction");
			);
			blogs.Member(x => x.Put("move"));

			blogs.Resources<PostsController>(posts =>
			{
				posts.Except("create", "update", "destroy");
				posts.Resources<CommentsController>(c => c.Except("destroy"));
			});
		});
	}
}

public class MvcApplication : System.Web.HttpApplication
{
	protected void Application_Start()
	{
		ViewEngines.Engines.Clear();
		ViewEngines.Engines.Add(new RestfulRoutingViewEngine());
		
		RouteTable.Routes.MapRoutes<Routes>();
	}
}</code></pre>

"Read more":http://www.restfulrouting.com

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

h2. Contributors

Written by "Steve Hodgkiss":http://github.com/stevehodgkiss with contributions from

* "Cory Deppen":http://github.com/corydeppen
* "Eddie Cianci":http://github.com/defeated
* "Troels Thomsen":http://github.com/troethom
* "Khalid Abuhakmeh":http://github.com/khalidabuhakmeh
* "Nathan Wood":http://github.com/woodnathan
* "David Alpert":http://github.com/davidalpert
* "Adrian Phinney":https://github.com/TheCloudlessSky

h2. Latest Release

1.4.3
* fix for Area Mapper prefix. Thanks to Adrian Phinney.

1.4.0
* added new DSL to allow you to redirect dead links, to newer urls. 

1.3.5
* added the ability to ReRoute inside a Resource mapping. Thanks to David Alpert.

1.3.4
* added the ability to see non Restful Routing (RouteBase) routes in routedebugger, helpful for seeing things like the order of routes. Helped me debug an issue with SignalR.

1.3.3
* added "staff" to inflector. Thanks Nathan Wood.

1.3.2
* All routes now get namespaces, by default. This will save a lot of headaches, and the ability to reuse controller names not in the same namespace.

1.3.1
* Switched route debugger over to use Twitter Bootsrap from CDN sources
* Merged in namespace additions from woodnathan

1.3.0
* Removed dependency on RazorEngine so we can start moving to ASP.Net MVC 4.

1.2.3
* Fixed float parsing on systems with decimal separator other than "." (thanks irium)

1.2.2
* Fixes ordering issue with Only (thanks Tommysqueak)
* Fixes StandardMapper to use RestfulHttpMethodConstraint (thanks Tommysqueak)
* Fixed version number on dll to match version number of Restful Routing

1.2.0
* Addition of ExposeResult in FormatResult (thanks SlyNet)

1.1.3

* New Route Debugger (uses datatables for filtering)
* Mono Fixes (thanks cdroulers)
* Released version to Nuget


